Fix full state updates (#4833)
space-wizards/RobustToolbox: RELEASE-NOTES.md

### Bugfixes

> * Fixe broken full state updates and exclude it from PVS budged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix broken full state updates and exclude it from the PVS budget.
```
